Migrate docs to docs.nextstrain.org (#620)
nextstrain/augur: docs/releases/migrating-v5-v6.md

Certain traits have a geographic interpretation, e.g. "country".
Auspice will attempt to display these traits on a map (and provide a drop-down to switch between them if there are more than one).

> > _Make sure that these have corresponding entry in the lat-longs TSV file supplied to `export`. See how to do this [here](https://docs.nextstrain.org/en/latest/augur/docs/faq/lat_longs.html)._

Author: If / when we merge nextstrain/docs.nextstrain.org#36, this change will be necessary:
```suggestion
> _Make sure that these have corresponding entry in the lat-longs TSV file supplied to `export`. See how to do this [here](https://docs.nextstrain.org/en/latest/guides/bioinformatics/lat_longs.html)._

```

Don't forget to also change them in any custom lat-long and/or coloring files you are using. We've also become stricter about the format of the files that pass in color and lat-long information. Previously, it didn't matter if columns were separated by spaces or tabs - now, they must be separated by tabs.

> You can find out more about how to add [custom coloring](https://docs.nextstrain.org/en/latest/augur/docs/faq/colors.html) and [lat-long](https://docs.nextstrain.org/en/latest/augur/docs/faq/lat_longs.html) values.

Author: If / when we merge nextstrain/docs.nextstrain.org#36, this change will be necessary:
```suggestion
You can find out more about how to add [custom coloring](https://docs.nextstrain.org/en/latest/guides/bioinformatics/colors.html) and [lat-long](https://docs.nextstrain.org/en/latest/guides/bioinformatics/lat_longs.html) values.

```
